# SEC-Card-Game
A version of the HeatHack card game for the Scottish Episcopal Church; written in Jekyll with the Just the Docs template and relying on Liquid to render
many of the pages.

Done in a hurry to generate most of the website from CSV files so it's a mess :TODO: rationalise to be easy to update.

# Static pages

All markdown apart from petal, task, and card markdown is hand-written.
Wid card markdown is generated but shifted to the top level by hand with new filename and then hand edited to have no parent.

NB current site generation instructions rely on no static markdown files or repo directories starting with "p".

# Generating site content from csv files

We generate the petal, task, and card markdown - see scripts in aux.

Current processing to create website - hand build:

cd aux
rm -rf output
python generate-website.py
cd ..
rm -rf p*
cp -r aux/output/* .

ignore pnan errors from python.

# Intended improvements

- Switch generate-website.py to use a single multi-sheet .xlsx file for petals, tasks, and cards where nothing is generated by formula in the .xlsx - process in python

- remove lots of extraneous spreadsheet columns

- ensure this removes extraneous header material in markdown files

- consider placing some? all? css in a separate css file for inclusion in the css directory

- remove liquid from the processing for the cards and just generate raw html? Can't get images to render and it looks like a problem with quote escaping; create a minimal bug report and ask on Stack Overflow first.  But couldn't even get cost and carbon stars text to go on the cards.  Maybe when we rationalise the build it'll be obvious what I'm doing wrong.  

- either also generate stuff that can be cut and paste into the accompanying Word document to keep them in sync or agree a different way of producing that material.

- the root directory appears to be different on the local build than on github.io, so the graphics don't appear during development.  To fix this, use e.g. href="{{ root_url }}/graphics/card_icons/maintenancerecords.svg"